WIP - OADP 2419 Release Notes and Update Notes fixed (#67404)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oadp-upgrade-from-oadp-data-mover-1-2-0.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * backup_and_restore/oadp-release-notes.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="upgrade-from-oadp-data-mover-1-2-0_{context}"]
= Upgrading from OADP 1.2 Technology Preview Data Mover

> {oadp-first} 1.2 Data Mover backups *cannot* be restored with OADP 1.3. To prevent a gap in the data protection of your applications, complete the following steps before upgrading to the OADP 1.3 upgrade:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{oadp-first} 1.2 Data Mover backups cannot be restored with OADP 1.3. To prevent a gap in the data protection of your applications, complete the following steps before upgrading to the OADP 1.3 upgrade:
```

> . If your cluster backups are sufficient and Container Storage Interface (CSI) storage is available,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Procedure
. If your cluster backups are sufficient and Container Storage Interface (CSI) storage is available,
```

back up the applications with a CSI backup.
. If you require off cluster backups:
.. Back up the applications with a file system backup that uses the `--default-volumes-to-fs-backup=true or backup.spec.defaultVolumesToFsBackup` options.

> .. Back up the applications with your object storage plugins, for example, `velero-plugin-for-aws`.

Reviewer: Do these need to have specific actions that user needs to do? Overall, this module seems like a procedural module but sounds a bit incomplete.

Reviewer 2: This needs more context, if it is available.

Author: It's not presently available.

[NOTE]
====

> If your OADP 1.2 Data Mover backup must be restored, OADP must be fully uninstalled and OADP 1.2 reinstalled and configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To restore OADP 1.2 Data Mover backup, you must uninstall OADP, and install and configure OADP 1.2.
```

Reviewer 2: Shuba's construction is better, and it needs to be rewritten to follow that pattern and be technically correct.

Author: Done
